Two follow-ups on the sentinel promotion work.

1. STEP 0 WAS NOT REPORTED. It was required before the code change and it is
   still the more important question.

   Does any code path match a seeded sentinel to an API-Football fixture that
   has been PUBLISHED but not yet PLAYED — by team and date rather than by
   match log? syncNationalTeamFixtures() is the likely candidate. Read it and
   report what it actually does with seeded rows.

   Then answer directly: on 26 September, at kickoff, will that fixture have a
   real api_football_fixture_id? If not, confirm whether pollLiveFixtures can
   track a fixture with a negative ID. Report only — do not implement.

2. THE OVERLAPPING-WINDOW CASE IS UNTESTED AND YOUR DATA WILL HIT IT.

   You added a per-fixture try/catch for unique-constraint collisions between
   sentinels with overlapping ±7-day windows. The Sept 26 and Sept 29 fixtures
   are three days apart — their windows overlap almost completely.

   Trace this scenario and report what actually happens:
     - Sept 26 match is played, its match log exists
     - Sept 29 match has not been played, no log yet
     - promoteNtSentinelIds() runs; both sentinels are unbound
     - Both find the same Sept 26 log as their only candidate

   Specifically: is the processing order deterministic? If the Sept 29 sentinel
   is processed first, does it claim the Sept 26 fixture ID? The try/catch would
   then skip the CORRECT fixture on the constraint violation, leaving a wrong ID
   written and the right one unbound. That is silent data corruption on a live
   fixture, not a caught error.

   If that is possible, fix it — options include ordering candidates by kickoff,
   tightening the window, or requiring the log be closer to this fixture than to
   any other unbound sentinel. Recommend before implementing.

   Either way, add a test for two sentinels with overlapping windows and a
   single shared candidate log. The try/catch exists for this case; nothing
   currently exercises it.

VERIFY: pnpm run lint && pnpm run typecheck
        pnpm --filter @workspace/api-server run test